OVERVIEW

From project initiation to handover, you can trust us.
We are making our mark in transforming the way business is conducted and our customers, partners and employees relationships management is not business as usual. Our solutions promote a proactive approach that provides accountability and assures client satisfaction.

SERVICES AND AREAS OF OPERATION

~We provide Mechanical, Electrical and Civil Maintenance Services to the IOCs/NOCs in Nigeria oil & gas industry with high skilled technical personnel specialized in various fields of engineering maintenance services.~

Electrical Engineering
We perform a wide range of Electrical Engineering Services according to client’s requirements, from small electrical repairs through to complex new installations.

* eng => civil, mech, elect
* fac mgt
* transportation
* equipment leasing

*****
Description
Founded in 1975 and incorporated in 1976, EDDYNCO NIGERIA LIMITED is experienced in providing construction, fabrication, logistics, procurement and supplies, environmental services, erosion control and staff resourcing.

Since incorporation, our primary area of operations has been in and around ExxonMobil Qua Iboe Terminal, Ibeno. 

In 2020, we strengthened our service portfolio and expanded our operations to ExxonMobil Bonny River Terminal.

With support from our new management, we are focused on developing systems, processes and workforce readiness for effective collaboration with our stakeholders.

Electrical Engineering
We perform a wide range of Electrical Engineering Services
according to client’s requirements, from small electrical repairs
through to complex new installations.

Mechanical Engineering
Pipe Work Supply and Installation We supply and install a range of mechanical pipe work from simple copper pipes to complex stainless steel pipe work systems.


Pump and valve Repair and Replacement We can supply, repair and replace pumps, valves, flow meters, and variable speed drives as required to allow for the control of pipe work
systems.

Engine and other mechanical system repair and maintenance.
We provide repair and maintenance services for prime movers, including vessel diesel engines,

CIVIL ENGINEERING
We provide civil and structural services such as building construction and renovation, road construction and renovation, bridge construction and renovation, jetties and shore
wall, shoreline protection, erosion control, welding and fabrication (steel fabrication),
steel sheet pile wall rehabilitation and all other civil engineering related services.

PERSONNEL SUPPLY & MANAGEMENT
We offer Human Resource Management services.
Recruiting full-time and contract personnel (skilled and semi-skilled). Our range of personnel services include the following: Crane Operator and Deck Services
 Drivers, Heavy Equipment Operators
 Logistics Support Services
 Maintenance Improvement Services
 Technicians, mechanics
 Well Engineering Support Services
 Artisans
 Divers

*******************
EQUIPMENT LEASING
We engage in the lease various types of heavy and light duty equipment ranging from swamp excavators, cranes, land excavators, Dozers. This service is compliment-ed with our haulage and Logistic solicitors. Light vehicle, Heavy ma-chinery, tractors, cranes, man-lift, tractors, dredgers etc).

SUPPLY
We are industry leader in the supply and delivery of industrial needs with a focus on providing the right product to meet neces-sary specifications in the required quantity and getting it to you with all the proper documentation. We adhere to strict quality assurance and manufactures stor-age and handling guidelines. Some of our supplies include:
 oil/gas tools
 offshore cargo baskets
 balers
 marine waste compactors / crushers
 valves.
 safety protective equipment

TRANSPORTION SUPPORT
As a trusted partner of companies and institutions regarding the transportation of their
teams, we:
• transport employees to and from industrial production sites
• provide internal transport solutions for wide spread and multi-polar sites
• transport visitors to and from company sites (visitors of the company or regional business parks)
• transport employees to occasional events (trade fairs, summits, sales events, etc.)
Our mobility plans are adapted for, and developed in collaboration with each service offering to meet specific needs in terms of route planning, schedule rotation and the type and number of vehicles provided. Thanks to our range of expertise, we are able to implement optimized solutions designed to meet needs: for personnel and equipment to and from project sites.
For big companies with decentralized structures or sprawling production sites, we ensure
that your employees always arrive on time, regardless of the dimensions of the site and the distances between the locations. With our staff shuttle services we help enhance the cohesion within your company.
Vehicle Maintenance and Repair – We operate a vehicle/fleet maintenance and repair
service that makes it easy for routine maintenance services and repairs, like oil changes and tire rotations and helps you when unscheduled repairs pop up. With our service plan, your vehicles spend less time in the shop and more time in the field.

Highlights of our maintenance and repair program:
• A maintenance schedule that eliminates the need for out-of-pocket payments
• A modern diagnostic workshop
• Certified representatives who oversee all services and repairs to ensure they are
both necessary and performed correctly.

Facility Management
Eddynco offers Integrated Building Operations & Maintenance Management
Services that cover the following areas:


PARTNERS
• BRIGHT WATERS ENERGY LIMITED - Fabrication / Maintenance
• KWAD LIMITED - Facilities Maintenance
• EARTH PULSE CONSULT - Environmental Services
• WILLEND ASSOCIATES (UK) - Project Management /Environmental
• TOYOTA NIGERIA - Light Vehicles / Spares
• DIONGAKPAN GLOBAL RESOURCES - Fleet Tracking
• WINDER ELECTRICAL (UK) - Electrical Transformers
• CONNEXUS LEGAL - Legal Services
• HOUSE OF SHIPHRA LIMITED - Project Management


HEALTH SAFETY ENVIRONMENT